Create ui-c8y-1020-0-0-block-searching-when-creating-editing-private-smartrule-5817.md (#2107)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-0-0-block-searching-when-creating-editing-private-smartrule-5817.md

---
date: ""

> title: block searching when creating editing private smartrule (#5817)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Prevent searching when creating or editing a private smart rule
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-55913
version: 1020.0.0
---

> block searching when creating editing private smartrule (#5817)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
Previously, when creating or editing a private smart rule, it was possible to perform searches which could lead to errors. To improve the user experience and prevent potential issues, searching is now blocked while a private smart rule is being created or edited. This change ensures a more stable and error-free process for managing private smart rules, allowing users to focus on configuring the rule's settings without interruptions from search functionality.
```
